military vacation or you know accruing leave it's routine so you get so
many days per month every every month that you're in service you get
X. amount of days and accrued your leave and depend upon your situation
you can have sometimes up to ninety days of leave saved on the
books if you've been on a deployment status for regular navy work
usually only allowed to keep sixty days of leave on the books and you
work with your chain of command in order to use that so you'll find
that they'll be you know it several times throughout the year we are
already going to get some time off whether it's a three day weekend
because of federal holiday or it's say thanksgiving where you're
given time off for that or what's also commonly referred to as holiday
stand down during the the Christmas time and they had the new year's
time frame usually given time off for that to where you probably
don't even necessarily need to use leave the days that you're trying
to use leave are usually normal working days that's where you're going
to communicate that to your chain of command and ahead of time
and ask for you know X. amount of leave it to go on vacation depend
upon where you work they may regulate how much leave you can take at
a certain time period I've worked some places where you know I could
take thirty days off if I really wanted to they would allow me to
do that no I never would do that because I know that I'd miss certain
things I'd be hot be behind in the in the working position that I'm
at but if I want to take thirty days I had no problem approving that
have been other places where you know two weeks is like the maximum
and that's probably all you're gonna be able to get in one sitting
so you have to kind of plan for that and communicated to check